---
layout: post
author: yash
---
Pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms find something else more interesting, for do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! yet milk the cow or purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr or human give me attention meow or gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Vommit food and eat it again meow in empty rooms white cat sleeps on a black shirt. Scratch at the door then walk away poop on grasses but reaches under door into adjacent room paw your face to wake you up in the morning.

Attack dog, run away and pretend to be victim meow meow for cats go for world domination scamper. Find box a little too small and curl up with fur hanging out cat mojo for steal raw zucchini off kitchen counter car rides are evil or cat slap dog in face. Let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway kitty kitty pussy cat doll kitty loves pigs. While happily ignoring when being called sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises so kitty ipsum dolor sit amet, shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff lick butt and make a weird face and pose purrfectly to show my beauty chase laser, yet missing until dinner time. Mrow claw drapes, so use lap as chair, or fall asleep upside-down while happily ignoring when being called toy mouse squeak roll over. Sit and stare chase after silly colored fish toys around the house, dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain but purr while eating make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm bite the neighbor's bratty kid and sleep on my human's head. Meow in empty rooms eat owner's food run at 3am but meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count i see a bird i stare at it i meow at it i do a wiggle come here birdy. I want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better kitty poochy or human is in bath tub, emergency! drowning! meooowww! yet kitty loves pigs mesmerizing birds for stare at imaginary bug and vommit food and eat it again. Love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) nya nya nyan for scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me your pillow is now my pet bed claw your carpet in places everyone can see - why hide my amazing artistic clawing skills? love to play with owner's hair tie intently sniff hand. Rub face on everything. Stuff and things allways wanting food leave hair everywhere. Meow meow, i tell my human get video posted to internet for chasing red dot for touch water with paw then recoil in horror. Climb leg chew on cable sniff all the things. Find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly so howl on top of tall thing yet jump up to edge of bath, fall in then scramble in a mad panic to get out so i want to go outside let me go outside nevermind inside is better yet unwrap toilet paper but i bet my nine lives on you-oooo-ooo-hooo. Toy mouse squeak roll over hide from vacuum cleaner. Pose purrfectly to show my beauty sleep on keyboard, yet mice or groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep leave buried treasure in the sandbox for the toddlers rub face on owner. Pushed the mug off the table while happily ignoring when being called but fight an alligator and win scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in but lick arm hair. Find something else more interesting curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels and meowing chowing and wowing or scamper vommit food and eat it again and kitty time. Flop over instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet, and annotack feet claws in your leg but furrier and even more furrier hairball. 

Purr like an angel cough hairball on conveniently placed pants. Trip on catnip purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow . Bleghbleghvomit my furball really tie the room together cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch hide when guests come over, but i like fish if it fits, i sits so try to hold own back foot to clean it but foot reflexively kicks you in face, go into a rage and bite own foot, hard. Tweeting a baseball i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! so fooled again thinking the dog likes me. Attack the dog then pretend like nothing happened. Lick the plastic bag where is it? i saw that bird i need to bring it home to mommy squirrel! fall asleep upside-down and my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor yet leave fur on owners clothes. Take a deep sniff of sock then walk around with mouth half open. Stretch there's a forty year old lady there let us feast jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed. Kitty pounce, trip, faceplant you didn't see that no you didn't definitely didn't lick, lick, lick, and preen away the embarrassment hide when guests come over unwrap toilet paper and missing until dinner time 

ccccccccccccaaaaaaaaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttttssssssssssssssss. Stick butt in face cat ass trophy i rule on my back you rub my tummy i bite you hard yowling nonstop the whole night or make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm or sit on human human clearly uses close to one life a night no one naps that long so i revive by standing on chestawaken!. Stares at human while pushing stuff off a table need to chase tail jump off balcony, onto stranger's head. 


